Before we head over to see who says though why don't we also add a link.
That's one thing that I forgot to mention were notice we do have the talks but all the way in the bottom
we also have the link and in fact I did forget to add that.
So first of all let me see Where is my tour center because in fact I would like to place it outside
detox center.
So we have a featured center.
This is the day that I was talking about.
But what I would like to do is in fact place it outside so let's write and off towards center like so.
And then once we have that comment we're going to have a div with a class of towards link and then within
this div we're going to place a link.
Now it's going to be a dummy link meaning we're going to place a hash tag here.
Let's have a class of Beatty and primary here.
Remember man was the class that we already created before.
Let's just write all thoughts now.
The moment we save that all the way in the bottom we should have this link that has this class of BD
and primary.
Remember we set up this class already previously when we were in the About section.
Once we have completed totally our Asia and now now we're going to head over back to the styles.
And we already set up our featured class.
That was our background so knowledge.
Go line by line and start adding the rest of the styles.
As far as our tours are concerned first of all I would like to add some kind of hover effect.
Now first of all why don't we select the worse.
So we're a card that is going to be each and every card that we're working with and let's maybe add
margin bottom I'm off.
I don't know for our teams just so we have some distance in between our cards and then like I said I
would like to have some kind of box shadow.
So let's write first of all box shadow property Mark shadow property.
And now I'd like to use the values that we had all the way on the top.
Remember when we set up our variables we had a light shadow as well as the dark shadow.
So first of all for all my cards I would like to grab this light shadow value.
And again we can use of course our block shadow generator or anything like that.
But I just went with these particular values.
So not say box shadow again where access var then hyphen hyphen and the value was like shadow the moment
we do that notice even though we do have the white background as well as background within the card
is white.
Now we have this distinction.
So now we can see where is our card.
And also as I'm hovering over the card I would like to add a dark shadow.
However I would want that transition to happen over time.
So I'm gonna transition then for that.
I already had my variable.
So let's go with main transition like so and then let's say as we're hovering over these two or card.
So let's write to work hard.
However I would want that box shadow to change.
I would want it to go to a dark shadow.
So it's red box shadow.
And then again var I find hyphen and the variable name is going to be dark shadow.
So now as we're hovering over the card notice our shadow changes from light to dark.
However it takes over time.
And the reason why this is happening over time.
Well because we are using our main transition variable and that would be step number one.
Now let's start dealing with this date when I said I would like to place this date all the way here
on the top.
Now since I'm going to use a position absolute for that I would like to use my image container in fact
as my parents container.
So that way I can set that paragraph relative to my image container.
Now remember what was the class name.
Let's head over here and the class name was Tau hyphen image hyphen container.
So first of all let's set this up as a position relative.
So Tau hyphen image hyphen container.
Well let's set this as position relative.
That's step number one.
And then we're going to work with toward date.
And that is the class of course for our program.
Like I said I would like to use position absolute.
First of all we just take it out of the normal flow.
Then let's place it on the top so top zero left zero.
Step number one as you can see my paragraph is now sitting all the way on the left hand side.
On the top then why don't we add some background and we're going to go with var primary color like so.
OK looking good.
Text transform capitalize text transform kept less and why don't we add a little bit of padding.
Zero point twenty five our Ms.
Top bottom zero point five.
Our aims left and right.
Right.
Then once we're done with our awesome awesome paragraph we're gonna switch gears and we're gonna talk
about the two word footer so I'm going to select the class of two or footer and I guess start very simply
by adding some padding.
So it's right padding one point to our hems to bottom and one point five our teams left and right now
and is going to be my pairing then as far as your title is concerned.
When we selected the word title and we're going to write text transform capitalized like so.
So now our title is of course capitalized and then we're gonna start working with eight or country.
So first of all let's add some kind of color to weight or country.
So let's selected to work country.
And we're gonna go for color var and primary color as well as I would like to capitalize it as well.
So text transform we're gonna set it as capitalized and now once we have this added as a color.
So once we have our primary color for our country.
Well now I'd like to set up my two column layout because remember that is going to be our eventual goal
where my country's sitting on the left hand side.
And in fact the rest of the info is sitting all the way on the right hand side and we're using justified
content space between.
So they are in fact positioned as far as possible from each other.
Now in order to do that remember we had to orient for that.
It was our parent container for the country as well as for the rest of the info.
Why don't we write display looks.
So now they're sitting side by side like I said I would want to use justified content space between
just so we have some distance in between them.
But I also like to add a flex wrap just in case you know maybe there's not enough room at some certain
screen size and then that way at least they are rapping to our next line.
Now we also would like to do a little bit more styling for our paragraphs because remember we had a
towards details div and then within this day we had these two paragraphs.
So I would like to target them right now so let's write two more details and I'm going to target paragraphs
within the two or details.
And first of all I'm going to have a little less line height and I'm going to shoot for zero point two.
Like so so now my line height is less text transform why don't we add capitalized and also let's change
the color.
So var main grey or you're not.
Let's go with dark grey my apologies.
I'm gonna go with da grey.
That is of course my text.
And last but not least.
Why don't we add a little bit of letter spacing and letter spacing is gonna be zero point zero two or
three.
Like so.
And last but not least we have the Center for detour country.
So remember we already had the tour country selected correct.
We added the color as well as we add a d text transform.
Now I also like to in fact align it in the center because what I would like to do is just have all the
time.
This text in the center.
Now it could obviously added here or I can just show you that of course we can selected separately as
well.
It's really up to you.
I'm just going to select that separately.
Just please remember that in general we could just add Aditi afforded to our country so let's select
a country and let's just write a line self in the center.
Again the reason why I'm doing that is if I'm going to add this particular property in here as we're
initially working with our country.
Well it's not going to make much sense correct because only later we're using display flux.
So that's the reason when I'm doing the screen test I might repeat some particular selector with different
property as well as the value I normally again you would place it here where all countries are initially
but in this case I'm just going to add it as a one more selector.
And lastly I would like to work with a tour link now that was my div.
Remember here all the way the bottom and we're going to go with to our link text online and we're gonna
sub this center now.
So now we're just sitting in a center.
And lastly we just need to come up with our column layout because what I would like to do is once we
get to a certain screen size there's going to be a two column lamp and then we're going to have a three
column land.
Now of course since we have four items we are just going to wrap it to a next line.
Now for that remember we needed to have the media queries.
So let's go with media screen and mean with like so and we're going to shoot for seven hundred and sixty
eight pixels.
So starting from that particular screen size I'm going to target a class of featured center.
And why don't we add some values here.
So first of all I would want it to be displayed flex.
Now we show you that on a bigger screen says there you go.
That is going to be my display a flex course a bunch of things we still need to do.
First of all what we would want is to work hard to be remember 50 percent.
So flex can 0 0 calc function then 50 percent minus and then whatever margin you would like.
So I'm gonna go with one Harry.
I'm not going to switch back each and every time after property because we have already covered it.
But what I would like to do is justify content space between.
Again that is my preference.
You can use different values.
Let's say space around the space evenly.
I just like my columns to be having as much space as possible.
And then when we use flex wrap wrap because otherwise we're not going to start a new line.
Let's do that.
And there you go.
And we have our two column layout.
And lastly we would just want to have a three column layout once we get to a bigger screen size.
Now what is going to be my screen size.
I believe I'm going to shoot for eleven hundred and seventy.
So make up and paste it and let me add the curly brace here the closing one so I don't have any errors.
I'm going to grab a two card and as far as your card is concerned since I would like to have a three
column layout.
Well why don't we have a three three dot.
3 3 3 3 3 something.
Okay.
Yep.
There you go.
We have our three column loud and that's how it's gonna look like.
So once we get a bigger screen size we're gonna have a three count my out.
So we start with one.
Then we have a two column layout.
And then of course we have three Commonwealth.
Now I believe I messed that up here because I left it as 768.
So I'll go with eleven hundred and seventy.
And now we have to call them loud and then only once we get to the bigger screen size and of course
we have our three column loud and we successfully completed our feature towards section.